>> Brian Holt: So, something, kind of,
interesting probably happened,
if you're watching, here, in your bundles.
Notice that you have two
bundles being generated now.
It's probably hard to see.
Let me make it bigger.
But, I have bundle, and 1pointbundle.js.
So webpack says,
okay you're doing system import here.
Cool, I know what to do with this and
it's like,
I'm going to cut that off the bundle.
Now, let's discuss why this
is actually not that great.
Bundle.js is 1.04 MB,
cuz it has to include react,
axios, all of our preloaded data,
a bunch of that other stuff.
Landing is just really
that one react component.
So we're shaving 3.19 KB off of our
1 MB bundle, pretty dumb, right?
Not super compelling, but
now you know how to do it.
So if you can shave off big parts
of your app, this is how you do it.
So, if we're go into our app now,
>> Brian Holt: I need to run
my server again.
So, let's go to package.
Real quick, package.Json.
And we're gonna do server,
>> Brian Holt: As : NODE_ENV=server node
server.js.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and now I can do,
or I can just start, actually start's
probably the one that you want, so
start npm run start
>> Brian Holt: So
now if I go to localhost 5050,
>> Brian Holt: And
variant, that's cool.
>> Brian Holt: React,createElement
type should not be null and
find a glare number.
Check the render method of component.
>> Brian Holt: So let's get off this for
just a second.
Let's go just do it on npm run
dev
>> Brian Holt: Is everyone
else seeing this too?
>> Brian Holt: Did I
spell AsyncRoute wrong?
>> Speaker 2: Richard,
is wondering if you can't name
the React component with a lower case?
>> Brian Holt: Export default,
I'll answer in just a sec.
So I've got the export
down here at the bottom.
>> Brian Holt: Hm.
>> Brian Holt: And this., so I'm trying to
figure out why this is
having a hard time loading,
this.component.
>> Brian Holt: So
false undefined, that's exactly what.
[SOUND], that's what it is.
So, remember that you have to interoperate
between common js and yes, six modules,
it's not module, it's module.default.
Okay, and now this should work, cool.
So, get rid of that console.log.
So to demonstrate why I think this
is cool, so here I'm on search.
I refreshed the page, and
I can see all, let's do all right here.
Okay, as soon as I click svideo and
go back to the home page,
I guess that's actually
what you want to see.
So let's go back to browse all,
refresh the page.
And now if click go back to the homepage
at that point, only at that point,
does it actually request zero.bundle.js.
So Webpack was smart enough to do
all of that code splitting for us.
Is smart enough to go out and
request it for
us, pull it back in, package it up nicely,
inject it into that function and
then we're able to use it at that point.
>> Brian Holt: So
it does quite a bit of stuff for you.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 2: Craig noticed that when
you refresh the page it flashed the body.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
cuz I turned off my node server.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So let's turn it back
on.
>> Brian Holt: Is
anyone ever use nodemon before?
It's basically runs, it
watches all of your files then it restarts
your Node server as soon as you save.
It's like, watch for Node.
So I'm just gonna use that for now so
I can stop refreshing all the time.
I'll also push a branch here momentarily.
>> Brian Holt: nodemon
app per server.js.
I suggest like, nodemons, you just
use it like you would normally use
node.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
you can see it's watching this.
As soon as I save over here,
it restarts my server, right, so
I don't have to keep killing it and
restarting it.